
Simona Jankowski welcomed everyone to NVIDIA's third quarter earnings call. Colette Kress, executive vice president and chief financial officer, reported that revenue was $5.93 billion, down 12% sequentially and 17% year-on-year. Data center revenue of $3.83 billion was up 1% sequentially and 31% year-on-year, driven by leading U.S. cloud providers and a broadening set of consumer Internet companies. Gaming revenue of $1.57 billion was down 23% sequentially and 51% year-on-year due to channel inventory corrections and challenging external conditions.

Colette Kress, NVIDIA's CFO, stated that the sell-through rate for their gaming business in Q3 was relatively solid, despite challenges from China lockdowns. She expects stronger end demand as they enter into Q4, driven by the upcoming holidays and continued AI adoption. Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's CEO, added that their data center business is indexed to two fundamental dynamics: general purpose computing no longer scaling, and accelerated computing being recognized as the path forward. He believes that NVIDIA can still grow in the data center even if U.S. cloud capex is flat or slightly down next year.

NVIDIA is seeing strong demand in the AI and general purpose computing markets. The company has been making progress in software monetization, with partnerships with Microsoft, Oracle, Rescale, and others to bring its full stack of software to the cloud. NVIDIA also took an inventory charge of $702 million due to a change in expected demand for China data centers, mostly related to the A100 GPU.

Jen-Hsun, I wanted to ask you a question about the data center business. You've talked about the importance of Grace and how it's going to be an important part of the data center story. Could you just talk a little bit more about the competitive landscape for Grace? And then also, what do you think is the potential for the TAM for this product? We are changing the way we report our data center business to give more insight into the mix of customers and products that we are selling. This will help investors better understand the dynamics of our business and how it is evolving. NVIDIA's CEO Jen-Hsun Huang discussed the company's financial results for the quarter, which were driven by strong demand from Internet service companies and cloud computing. He also discussed the impact of crypto mining on the company's business, as well as the launch of new products such as RTX and Hopper. Finally, he discussed the importance of accelerated computing in meeting the demands of AI.
